God will stop every disappointment.
But when you complain about this appointment, you are even feeding that disappointment with friend.
Quickly go to Philippians.
Philippians, what the fuck?
Vass.
Six.
Philippians, four of us, six.
Be careful for nothing.
But in everything.
In everything.
By prayer and supplication.
With thanksgiving.
With what?
Let your what?
Let your request be made known unto God.
Let your request.
With thanksgiving.
Let your request be made known unto God.
Many people.
They woke up, I woke up from sleep.
Father in the mighty Nemo Jesus.
Father, I've woken up today.
You know, I'm jobless.
What kind of life is this?
I've woken up now with poverty, with hunger, with joblessness.
I said, little nigga, no marriage.
I won't go to bless you.
You are alive!
But this morning, because of
It is the message of God, not your right trust message.
It is just the message.
You wake up in the morning.
I made the point of the day, everyone is, but eventually I need to rush somewhere, and maybe one may have to break me up.
And I need that to meet up upon me.
If I wake up, she knows I will even greet her.
The first thing I would say is thank you, Jesus, before my prayer, before
I will answer your anything.
I will say thank you Jesus.
You wake up in the morning.
You want to pray?
I will enter his gates with God's given in my heart.
I will enter his God with praise.
Oh, I will say this is a day.
that the Lord has made.
I will charge for He has made me laugh.
In His case, we can't give Him.
You entice God with praises.
Not complaining.
Amen?
It means you are not showing God to do.
You are not grateful.
That is the major problem we are having in the world.
We have so many ungrateful people.
In grace, people who are not thankful to God, they don't have to be said God.
You are complaining you don't have to.
What is the best that they don't have like?
One of the major signs of the last days is ungratefulness, ungrateful.
Many people are not grateful to God.
They don't think of what God has done in their life.
Instead, they keep on complaining, they complain and complain.
They complain about NEPPA, they complain about this road, they complain about the air, they even they complain about their television.
Complainers, they are experts in complaining.
Go to Luke 17.
Read from 11 to 19.
She's short story, listen.
Look 17 from 11.
And it can't pass.
As it went to Jerusalem, that it passed through the means of Samaria and Galilee.
And as it entered into a sudden village, there had met in 10 men that were left pass.
How many?
10.
10 that were left pass.
With to the afaro.
and they lived out of their voices and said, Jesus, master, have mercy on us.
And when he saw them, he said unto them, go show yourself unto the peace.
And he came to pass that as they went, they were cleansed.
And one of them, when he saw that he was healed, turned back, and with a loud voice glorified God, and fed under his face at his feet,
Give me him tons, and he was a Samaritan.
He was a Samaritan.
Continue.
She does answer and say, we are there no tanklets, but we are out at the night.
There are no signs of return.
Give glory to God, save this stranger, and his servants to him arise.
Go that way, thy faith has meant you.
Thy faith has meant you.
Jesus was passing by.
Then the past saw Jesus and shouted, Master have mission upon us, and Jesus healed the ten of them.
I said, now go and show yourself to the priest, because it is normally, the past are kept outside the city.
They are not kept with people, because so that they don't
but it is only the priest that can declare you, you are free to make good with people.
So now, after Jesus healed, the ten of them said, now go and show us that the priest, so that he can declare you cleansed.
The ten of them went, and the priest satisfied them clean.
But how long does ten left us?
Nine, I choose.
Only one was Samaritan.
These Jews are the so-called people, the people of God, Jesus of people.
But they did not come back to thank God.
But now, these strangers, these Samaritans, those who put their feet, they are not their unbelievers.
They are the one that came back.
He's only one, and only ten that came back to thank God.
I trust Jesus in it.
Just say, your faith has made you what?
Who?
So what does we are here?
But when I made who, it is only that one that was made who?
Many, if you are healed, the sickness may come back.
But if I made who, it will never come back.
You need to thank God for what he has done, no matter how many it is.
Many people have sworn testimony too long.
You are waiting for the bigger one.
There's no one, thank God.
Appreciate him, in everything.
Oh, I give God glory.
Even that ain't some back-end today, I can't God for today's business.
At least my shop did not bond.
Shout out to Leah.
What many people don't understand is this.
Those who saw
Appreciation, never depreciate.
As again, those who saw appreciation, they will never depreciate.
Once you appreciate, once you appreciate God, you always appreciate.
You will never diminish.
South Hallelujah.
A lot of children are ungrateful.
Especially teenagers.
A lot of teenagers.
They listen to me now.
Very ungrateful.
I want to show you what the official chapter 6.
Read 2 and 3.
Efficient 6 from 2.
Mother, I find our mother.
Oh, no, you'll find our mother!
Eh?
Which is the first commandment we promised.
That it may be where we did.
Where to?
Number one.
Where you honey, I find our mother.
So that each I be where with you?
Number one, eh?
And that man's lived long on the edge.
And you may live long on edge.
So to this, if you be where with you, those were before you.
I can't even count those were before you.
First and final shout those open to you.
Each I be well with you, then number two, that you may live long.
So teenagers that I hear, when you don't honor your father and mother, it will not be well with you.
And your days will be short.
But when you honor your father and mother, your days will be long and it shall be well with you.
Many teenagers are going through academic difficulties.
Destiny attacking problems because they have no home, not their parents.
You are disobey in the Bible.
Look at your mother, carry you nine months, one month, two months, yeah.
And wait, three months, four months, five months, six months, seven months, eight months, nine months.
And go through pain and get back to you.
Then start feeding you at night.
Sometimes, you may cry.
If I'm not asleep, my mom would have no good sleep.
If I'm not chopped, my mom would have no good chop.
You will be sleeping.
She will not sleep.
As long as I wake, she's awake.
Your father will just, your father will prefer to stop himself, to make sure you go to school.
He will work so hard, immediately.
You take your father fucking for himself.
He has fulfilled his life.
The work he's working is for you to that.
My children will not suffer.
That is what is working.
And the money will copy work.
Then you come and insult him.
You insult him.
You insult your mother.
If your father told you what to fight your mother.
It will not be where we do.
It's daily Bible.
I did not write the Bible.
It could have wrote it.
Shout out to you, Loya.
When you do that, it will not be where we're to.
Your parents have gone through a lot.
Many of you, you are trying to give those parents heart attack.
You think they don't like you.
They love you.
Here I love H.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.
Thank you, Jesus.
I'm just getting a message now.
I'm getting a message.
There is somebody here.
I don't know who you are, man.
I don't know what I hear.
Boy, what I hear, a girl.
This, I'm not just going the way it's supposed to go.
This, I'm not going.
You're a teenager.
This, I'm not going the way it's supposed to go.
Because you have not heard nor your father and mother.
Since I'm not but in your academics, everything, you are almost getting frustrated out of life because you have not honored your father and mother.
Your father and mother didn't cause you, they didn't cause you, but it is an automatic cause in the Bible.
You have activated a cause against yourself by not honoring them.
So the cause is not activated.
I don't know who you are, but the law wants to deliver you today.
and destroy that cause, because it is not your parent that plays that cause, it is you that activated against yourself.
So if you are here, you're a teenager, and you have one node, you know you have this whole node, your parents, either your father or your mother, and that has activated the cause.
Now, everything in your life is disorganized.
You are that teenager, come out, let me pray for you now, and cancel that cause.
which you have invited upon yourself.
A lot of husbands don't appreciate their wives.
You don't appreciate her food.
You prefer my mind catching food than your wife food.
You can't wait to just prepare if you don't say, oh, my wife.
When laughs, let's be honest,
to ourselves.
Well, last now, after eating, you see, my wife, this shoot is the best food I've ever eaten.
Can you recollect?
The last time you said it, amen?
But, not the time you are trying to get her.
You are using all manner of technique.
You will stand in front of the house for 30 minutes.
Now, how many I just stand in front of the house?
You don't appreciate it.
When you appreciate it, you encourage it to do more.
Wives, well lost, you appreciate your husband.
Every time, you are putting pressure on the man.
Hey!
Look at the other guy, no boys, don't buy, don't buy generator.
You want his working in here.
The man is trying.
But pressure, pressure.
Because of that pressure, sometimes he wants to come back home, he will...
He will stop on the road.
You wet tea, when it's late, wait, don't sleep.
You can't sneak into your whole house like a tiffy in the night.
Shall I wake up?
Hey man, shout out to Leah.
If you fail, this word is full of a lot of English and good football.
If you fail in the area of gratitude, you will fail in every area of your life.
In fact, all sin is in gratitude.
All sin.
All sin is in gratitude.
Because if you appreciate God, you don't want to offend God.
Because why you are not offending God?
Because you appreciate Him what God has done for you.
And it's why you don't want to offend God.
But when you offend, when you commit sin, all sin is on gratefulness to God.
You go in your tick of the goodness and the mess of God.
And you don't want to sin.
Amen?
You don't want to sin.
Those that show God and man, gratitude, never and never grounded, those that show man,
And God got to treat you.
They never fail.
When you are always grateful, when you are always appreciating, you teach your truth.
They say, look, when somebody gives you something, what do you say?
Thank you.
Every minute you teach them, say, once you finish eating, say, thank you.
Thank you, uncle.
Thank you, daddy.
Thank you, mama.
It will grow with them.
They will never depart from it.
Shout out to India.
One thing about ungrateful people.
Ungrateful people always see the glass half empty.
Instead of seeing the glass half full.
The glass half full, but I've seen it and it's no full.
But instead of seeing the look of at least
There is something in this thing.
But they are complaining.
They are always complaining.
They complain about virtually everything.
And I'm careful people.
I never satisfied.
They are never.
Amen.
Shout a lawyer.
No man who always show gratitude remains same.
Once you always show gratitude, you can do to grow.
You will never even see me.
Gratitude occurs dark for more blessing.
Gratitude brings upon dance another floor.
Gratitude turns scarcity to victory.
Look at Paul and Silas.
They were locked up.
the chain upon they are going to do the work of God.
Then we are changed.
But in which I withdraw and look, instead of them to start to complain, God, we came to do your work.
Now look at, look at what Adamadose, the same prison God.
In fact, the same quiet practice is like the prison and suddenly the chain breaks.
As we are going to praise God, every change in your life shall be broken anymore, Jesus.
Amen.
Gratitude brings down the power of God.
Why you should appreciate God, he release more power.
Because our God is a jealous God.
He doesn't want to share with his glutes anymore.
Why he release more power?
That is why you have seen so much miracles in opium.
So much great demonstration of God's power.
God is happy with opium.
Shout out to you, lawyer.
Bigger we are appreciating.
We are appreciating.
That is why we are running the free school.
We are appreciating God.
Free school, we are for less privilege.
We are appreciating.
We can not run the free school.
No police, there are no corporates for us.
We are corporates.
But because we appreciate God's kindness, that is why we are running the free school.
Uniform is free.
School back, free.
Sandas, free.
Uniform, five, four, uniform, free.
Books, free.
A condition, free.
Go put that free, ain't that a dream?
Go this up.
You see, when you appreciate God, God does more.
That is, a sister that I give a testimony, yeah.
The sister said, in half a million, the father
pregnant their wife, pregnant their mother, and the first one is here.
If pregnant the mother is here, the second one is here.
Third one, here.
Third one, how many years?
Seven years.
So now, the second year don't grow now, they begin married.
That's, the mother did not give back to her boy.
No single boy.
So then now, be true that now,
married, the first one married, working born, gay, gay, second one married, born, gay, gay, third one, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born, born
So, when they reach their own tongue, she came to opium, she came to opium single, and opium, she married.
God gave her the first break to she married.
During her traditional marriage, people started to say, hey, this is my no-enta, one chance rule.
You go mad for where?
Then they born, get, get, get, get, get, get, get.
She kept talking, and I gave her a prayer.
Now, she born blind.
She changed the history.
Listen, I called out for a purpose.
There is a come, because, Columbia, why I'm saying this is because of the criminal act that is going on.
A lot of passports going pay people to share testimony.
So, I call that as well as she can say, her address, a village to that
watching on television because we are live now on television.
People can go and investigate, go to their houses, go to their communities, and then find out.
Look at their support criminality going on in the house of God.
You can't pay people from so-go-to to come and share their testimony on television to deceive people.
If you don't have that gift, why best on the gift you have in teaching, teach, let go.
I want you to say your correct address, then your community, your village everything.
I'm from that state, all the more, it's so good starts.
I'm from my community from Ocoli.
Then your fat ass community, I mean your fat ass community.
Your family names, you're like people in that community.
Oh, yeah, no, no.
Why you mention my father in the Christmas?
Everybody knows him.
Oh, beginning.
Oh, yeah.
Christmas.
What's the name of the village?
The name of the village, Zola Murro.
Oh, Murro?
Yeah, Zola Murro.
Now, I'm watching address the pitapa.
OK, I got Josh.
So, uh, million, number 24.
Number 24?
Yes.
She look like my name first, kid.
God is here.
My name is Mrs. Veronica.
Lucky.
I am from the South States.
I look at Sophia, I was nobody.
Then what brought me out today of God used me to share the history of my family.
And in my family, my father is the only son of the parents.
My mother married to my father.
And my father gave birth to all seven girls.
Seven girls, now you don't need me third.
Seven girls.
And your top was too much of my mother because my father is the only boy, the only man in the family.
And we too, when my father leads, and we too, I will begin to marry, I'm giving birth,
My sister begins to get back to gas.
Oh, your sister begins to kiss him.
Is he not trained?
I prophesied.
Every negative threat in your family today should be broken.
Should be broken anymore, Jesus.
The mother, the father happens to be the only soul.
When the mother, when the father, pregnant the mother,
Pregnant one woman.
Pregnant two woman.
Pregnant three.
How many women?
Seven women.
Now, the women that was pregnant are now grown and are married.
And they are holding my beautiful pregnant girl, girl, girl.
Strength of girls, eh?
And in my family, if they want to describe one that would say, that woman that gave birth to girls.
And each time you want to do anything you can show,
It's all a guest guest on my sister, my senior sister, Mari, and he gave birth to three guests.
He said, I want Mari to give birth to three guests, too.
The other two gave birth to a guest guest.
When is my phone?
I said, God, I don't want this.
God, use me to assure you it's your money.
Use me to take the history of my financials.
Because I have got topia, I must take the history of my family.
I want my marriage was going on in the village, my traditional marriage.
Even the people that come out, help us to cook.
They're always saying that, oh, family, guys, guys, guys, guys, no boy, what is it?
This man, I want to make a mistake, I admire this one.
So I was trained and I prayed, God, use me to change the history of my family.
And this seven Saturday to get pregnant.
Seven Saturday days to get pregnant, broken up with it.
I started to get pregnant and I bought a baby boy cloth and me and my husband go to the program.
And after that, we do the prayer, everything.
After that, I explained everything to Daddy because I was scared.
And my mother, each tiny, any of the daughter pregnant, it would be scared.
God, give me, give my side and then shine.
So when I pray, I pray, I pray to you.
Even this my sister, I just gave it.
She pray, that's upon the prayers, you gave it to baby gay.
So when I heard that I was scared, I'm crying, God, give me a baby, boy, Lord, use me to change this to my family.
Show me that I'm coming to OPL, not be there, God, please.
I'm going to do this, and I explain everything to Daddy.
I thought that there was a phone.
I explained everything to him.
After one week later, if I could even go to scan, I was scared.
And each day I want to live, but I use this idea on my tummy.
I want like the baby head and the leg.
I said, God, why not double like it or not?
You use me to change this to my family.
And everything, God, do, do, do, do.
There are my deliverings, God.
Use me to achieve this, the manner of my family.
Peace!
How are you guys, bro?
There's somebody here, and your family, everybody's poor.
You'll be the first multi-billionaire in that family.
What am I saying?
I'm saying something now, there's somebody here.
All the family members, I live in the Faraz house.
Not putting them to the home house.
When they go village, they will live in the compound.
Something's about to change now.
Are you ready to pray?
What am I saying?
I'm saying something.
There is somebody out.
All the women in the room, they will marry and come back home.
Maric, come back.
All of them have a problem with their marriage.
You will be the first to change the history of our family.
Evidence!
That is why I insist in opium, when somebody can shut this money, you must go their address.
Because there is so much criminality going on.
Let me tell you, going to Bible college does not qualify to be a pastor.
Going to Bible college is an added advantage.
And at that advantage, you got a land psychology, you blew the brainwashed people on television, you know, they did it, they did it.
It's free plenty, grammar, plenty vocabulary, intuition, invocation, and negotiation.
That is not power.
When you are calm, God equips you.
And that is why you see, God is happy with opium.
That is why you have seen the miracles happening in opium.
God is happy.
Like today, why I'm calling today so that people don't think maybe it's something that happened the last time.
Today is, that's what, that's it or goes 2015.
Today, how many children are we dedicating?
35 children.
and two sets of twins, such as those twins.
That is one eczema, another eczema.
The last time with the great triplets, yeah.
In the last 90 days, in the last 90 days, we have dedicated 100 awards, 105 children.
Hi, professor.
So many people came here with leg.
Before seven days, you shot your own class.
Hyper-versaime.
Yes.
Yes, so people here.
The people that are fighting you.
Between now and seven days, they should be able to fight themselves.
Hyper-versaime.
Yes.
That thing nobody had been able to achieve.
In your family, in your community.
Between now and after this, you shall achieve them in the number of Jesus.
I profess I. Hmm.
What am I saying?
I see somebody seated on the table, and in that table there are so many of your enemies.
Sit that around.
and go to the country in front of all your enemies.
As I go, I will go to the country in front of all your enemies.
In the name of Jesus Christ.
It's done.
Gratitude brings multiplication.
When you show gratitude, you multiply.
But in gratitude is
Repaying evil for good God is angry with ungrateful people In Christ God That is why Lucifer is an ingrid That the white God is gristened out of heaven He was the quiet master in heaven He was a river but He wanted to be like God and God is gristened
God despise secrets.
When you release God's blessing, when you receive God's blessing, and you don't appreciate God, you are not in great.
When you are given credit that belongs to God, to man, not in great.
When you are too
Overjoyed by your gift.
And you forget the given.
You are neglected.
You know always when you appreciate God for the gift.
Also, appreciate him.
Appreciate the given.
Like this song that says, count your blessed name that won't buy one.
That song is not complete.
It's good.
What of the person that gave you the blessing?
It was not lived.
But you are not thanking the person that gave you the gift.
Every day, I can't do it as a God.
Don't allow this power you give to me to enter my head.
Because the day,
It's an end of my head, there will be a problem because the gift he has put in me is so much.
All the weeks give God glory.
Don't share the credits.
Don't try to share God's credit because our God is a jealous God.
There's one man called Herod.
He was
They were prisoners, God, and God commanded them to eat them up.
Stand up, and pray like this.
My father, my father!
I appreciate you.
From my life.
In and in my life, I appreciate you.
Jesus will bring is done always appreciate God and also appreciates man appreciate God appreciate man a lot of bosses don't appreciate their staff and a lot of staffs don't appreciate their boss they complain
If you don't like the job, you believe.
Instead of complaining against your boss, you are collecting salary.
He's paying you salary.
You are still complaining against him.
If you don't like the job, resign.
The work is not by force.
Complain it.
Let me show you some brutal proverbs.
Let me show you.
Proverbs.
Proverbs chapter 17.
Verse 13, listen up.
Verse 17, verse 13.
Uh-huh.
Who saw and what did evil for good?
Whose so ever that what evil for good?
Evil shall not depart from his house.
Evil will never ever depart from his house.
Evil will flow into the grave.
Whose so ever that what evil for good?
Evil will never leave his house.
Never you throw stone, that's one idea.
Never throw stone to the well you once faced water from.
Because one day you might come to look for water in the same way.
Ungrateful.
So many pastors are ungrateful.
When they come, many of the pastors, when they come to look for
Job.
You see them?
Very tough.
Be calm.
Be big.
Even when you don't want to employ them, they will beg and beg and beg.
You employ them.
When you employ them now, they begin to...
But look at the Bible that will fight them.
Look at it.
Priest again.
Who saw the water even for goods?
If we shall not depart from his house.
Because you have used evil to pay for love.
Evil will never depart from you.
I believe so much and whatever I am so at, sorry.
My joy.
You know my joy?
My joy is this.
How you opium?
I never went to, when I left my job, four years.
I left four years, but shoot visa.
before starting OPM.
God use somebody which I'm always appreciating.
I appreciate him.
I'm appreciating today, I'm appreciating tomorrow, I'm appreciating tomorrow.
God use him to buy the land where OPM started, so appreciating.
Now, when we started the church, I was not posted as a pastor, okay?
Pastor, go ahead, this branch.
Therefore, I go to the branch.
Then I begin to throw stone
On the way, we are freshwater.
Begin to sow seed of discord, lies.
They paint the generosity at their own picture.
They send negative things against headquarters, so that I can win satanic sympathy.
One thing about sympathy, sympathy may bring people sympathy to you, but it will bring anger of God upon you.
Because like this, in many people, you try telling them, sow seed of discord, sinter and diva, letter,
You come and listen, okay, I want to open church.
I can't go out to open church.
You will fail.
Because the government says, what's the amount of weight?
Is that it?
Open the notes, start by going to, you know, going to the church.
Maybe they post it as a pastor.
You go and source it and use it.
And after telling lies against like, what does, then you cannot even put, deceive them, ignore people.
You gotta get open church.
Open this and like that.
If open, I'm afraid like that, do that, do it.
They don't come on that cause.
I'm gonna have been working on the cause.
So when you do that, you come on that cause.
It's an automatic cause.
Nobody's against you being the pastor.
Everybody can be a genocost.
I said, I had a meeting with the pastor.
I said, anybody that wants to resign and open the shop, you are free.
But the issue of coming to go to the branch and begin to show seat of this court, telling the people, it means you are a criminal and you're the chief.
And the cause of being evil
For good, we come upon you.
But, if you are called, you go to a place, okay, oh, I'm, daddy, God has called me.
If you go to a place, then God will have called you.
We raise men for you.
Daddy?
Because it's God has called you, truly called you.
He will raise men for you.
But when you want to use this, let me tell you, any house built in the wrong foundation will collapse.
And if you like, print it very well, it will last for some time, few months, but it will just suddenly cripple and collapse.
Because it is built on a false foundation.
If God has called you, like a God of positivoso, who God, look this man, isn't opened by the land.
I was not a pastor, a mountain of fire.
I have never even been a pastor, a mountain of fire.
Even I left mountain of fire for about four years.
before starting opium.
I was pushing my visa.
I want to travel to America to wear a wash split.
I did everything, everything for it.
I said, okay, if I travel to America, let me go to Ghana.
Yes, I want to go to Ghana.
Just make it be said, I travel.
I didn't know God had better plans for me.
So if God has called you,
You can go as a God, raise men for me.
Good, raise men for you.
Not going, if you go to it as a pastor, you're going to start showing seat of this God.
Then you even though you say, the geocross, what the geocross you're not cost?
There's a cost already in place.
Automatic cost.
What the geocross on you or not?
Never you shot in gratitude to those who helped you.
Where you have nothing.
Don't show in gratitude.
Don't be among good for passion.
That is why because I was, I never forgot those that helped me.
My first one million in my life, it's a record.
The first time I touch one million, touch.
Even physically touch.
Well, I said, physicality, I know it's physicality, but I've seen it back when I got to bank.
I see I put the counter money.
But physicality was through our brother, Subas.
When he gave me the $1 million to go pay for this land.
It's our record.
That is wonderful.
That dare, that's what I'm gonna do.
That day, if I don't even have a long time to have that attack, they basically keep me again.
That was my first one, I need some record.
Shout out to Leah.
It's on record.
I never, why is he not like I?
Because me and I, we are ending the same salary.
I say clean them.
When we close our country, this wife house, the wife will give me food and eat.
And when God restored me, I brought him in.
And now his life has changed.
Never you forget that boss that employed you.
When you were like, we have nothing.
Suddenly, you are three-inch tone in the same way where you fresh water.
Give you false information, negative news.
Some people go and call a bridge.
How can somebody implade you to be his driver?
Then you go to a house here.
They brand new tires.
You change the tires.
You are looking at my television.
Look at me.
You change the tire, the new tires, and put second hand, and calamity, and put in your pocket.
You have carried a cost.
How can you go?
They might implade you as a tanker driver.
He's paying you salary.
Now, you reach for road.
Siphone Defued.
He didn't only Siphone Defued.
You put fire on it.
Take anchor.
Is that not wicked, man?
Then you won't go to bless you.
You have got it.
Coss.
I'm not allowed to, I don't like my preaching, but I'm sorry.
Because if that person causes you.
In fact, what a demand cost you?
No, no.
You have carried the cost.
It's then the Bible.
Can you read it so that those on television come here?
Proverbs are programmed in life on television.
Proverbs 17 verse 13. Who saw rewarded evil for good.
Evil shall not depart from his house.
Somebody finish it.
I don't need to come back to the game.
Shout out to you, yeah?
Now, in the school of ingratitude, there are different categories of people.
Let us look at different categories of people.
Number one.
Category number one, divide in grit, divide in grit.
They are on great food to God.
They are life today.
They don't appreciate God.
Instead, they are completely about the situation of life.
Number two, categories of in grit, sync.
S-I-N-K, sync.
That is, you know, sync where they pour water.
And then, all they said, bring, bring what I bring what I bring, bring to those.
But be there.
You tell them, say, this is no deal.
You become an enemy.
They forget all the ones you've done.
You become the enemy.
They forget.
Once you did even the one, the last one you did, they forget it.
They say you have no way to give.
Number three categories of ingrites, parasites.
The opponent, the mandas, you are always parasite.
Always, always.
Always demand the interest.
No matter how you try to set them up,
They want to collect something more.
You give them money to stop business.
That business must collapse.
Parasites.
Different categories of, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh
Evil will never depart from his house.
Evil will never buy the finger that fed you.
A sister brought her friend, not a member of opium.
She won't call him on the phone.
It brought a girl that is staying with her.
The first person I want to marry her suddenly disappeared.
The second person disappeared.
The third person, it was the fourth person.
I don't refuse to disappear.
And that one said, come on.
Look, look, look, look, look.
It is this guy's thing with you.
He said that you are the friend listening, you are the friend listening, you are the friend that you don't even have a wind.
Somebody you have come on the test.
That is it in your foot.
laughing joke.
Watch out, buy it in the basement.
I prophesy every bite pass around you.
I prophesy all those benefit from you.
But I bite to you.
I prophesy all those.
I prophesy all those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those those
They don't choose to forget how you have been helping them.
Different categories of increase, hype and sick people.
Hype and sick.
You have them when they have nothing.
Now, you have a problem.
You wrote to them, they are running away.
When they have problems, you have it's death.
You want their strong make to assist them.
But now,
You are an institution.
You come to them.
They refuse to help.
They increase.
And they come under this cause.
They come under the cause.
Different categories of ingredients.
Sugar friendly.
You see, they are around you because they have, they say something.
When the going is good, you have many friends.
They will call you many names.
They will say they love you.
They will say they need you.
So on and so forth.
But when they're going this back, all of them will disappear.
And they will never come back.
But when they come back, they have come back to help in knocking you.
Down, down, down, down, down, down.
They are rude to because what they want to get.
But when?
The thing is no longer down.
They were playing Johnson.
I'm not a politician.
And I don't bloody need to put the cap out.
But I want to say something.
I read in the newspaper that after election, after presidential election, Ashura became empty.
People, all those people, I don't mind a flock to go.
I see Gullo Junata.
All of them are going to
different house.
People can be stab us.
They abandoned him.
Because it's no longer there.
Different categories of secrets, obvious secrets.
There are many figures from you and there are envious of you.
And if it is from you, and that's the envious of you.
No, come to you, you'll give them money.
As I live in the system, every then and then by in the ocean.
God, every envious flame.
Before seven days, gosh, I expose them, never look.
I said, don't try this, boys, don't do it no more, Jesus.
Envy.
Envy is a killer.
Amen.
It's Envy, jealousy.
Some people come down the front and ask,
Why did I start talking about how opium started a particular man's failure brought into existence opium?
I wouldn't have said that if the person has not started attacking opium.
I wouldn't have brought it up.
It's something I've kept to my heart, which to many people know, but I've never said it on television before.
I didn't tell them that it was somebody's failure that brought the game back up.
I never said it.
But when I get on my own, you get puzzled, you're looking at me.
You already know that why OPM has not due since six years.
It was because somebody sees the land.
And now, the land has been released.
You know that why are you criticizing the church?
If you did not criticize the church, I'm going to have said that it was your failure that brought opium into existence.
Because if you did,
It is difficult, you fail.
If you had the kind of gift card that's given to me, you could have never delivered that gear.
But because you couldn't deliver that gear, the gear was broke to me.
God used it to deliver the gear.
And that was how the man bought the land we used.
I want to have brought this issue up.
If you have not started criticizing OPM, say, ah, the pastor drives right.
The pastor has the finance house in January.
What is your business?
But OPM is thrown in.
a free school.
Why are you not running a free school?
I don't get the money from that often.
Why not running a free restaurant?
Your school you have is one of the most expensive school in Padacot.
Why not running a free school?
Why are you criticizing that up there is living in a firehouse?
Are you angels of the firehouse?
If you want I can give you the house.
When it's right, Chris doesn't have it.
Chris doesn't have it.
It has a rose rice.
What's your business?
Shut up.
So that was the reason why I decided to see how opium started.
So that everybody can know, your members can know, and what can know.
That it was your failure that gave back to opium.
So please, don't criticize.
Don't criticize opium.
If we have bought in this approved process, we have finished building six years.
We have built what the long world says for six years.
It is just this new governor, a very good man that released the long brush.
Amen.
Now.
The goal is of ingrets.
Mama ras.
Hey, mama ras.
Mama ras can attract same party or people, but you attract anger of God.
Mama ras.
Mama
You shot of your destiny help us.
You shot of your destiny help us because help us will not come.
Divine help us will not come.
God bless and if I help us to you.
Number two, if you are in great, you invite divine cause and human cause.
If you are in great, you invite divine cause and human cause.
If you are number three, if you are in great, you magnetize evil to yourself.
Evil will never depart from your house.
Once you are in great, evil will just be coming to you.
Number four.
Ingrid, you shut the door of messy against yourself.
Messy will not come because you're ungrateful.
Messy will not come.
Ingrates, number five.
If you're ungrateful, you miss rapture.
Go away, rapture.
Go away, ungrateful.
When rapture comes, you miss rapture.
If you're ungrateful, your children will suffer from lack of help.
Because they would say, your father did not appreciate, so will not help you.
So if you are watching your television, try to appreciate so that your children will not suffer for your own ingret.
Because if you are ingret, your children will suffer from lack of help us.
If you are ingret, you will be paid back with your own coin.
But I never say, also if I am so sorry,
That same way, that same way you stop.
Look at Judas.
Judas was a nobody.
Nobody knows Judas.
Jesus picked Judas up.
And made it a horrible disciple of among the twelve.
It now went and betrayed Jesus.
Are you a Judas?
They're watching my television with the pastor.
Are you taking off, stop being your bishop?
that if we will not depart from you.
Amen?
In grades, we can't your spiritual life.
Because your conscious will be telling you what a dream is wrong.
What you are doing is wrong.
By then, spiritually, you are getting weak.
That is why, finite, when they pray for people that are aware, that are sick, they will become more sicker.
If they pray for somebody that is half of the room, they better have discouraged.
If they pay for a hundred and a half a job, it's the best way to get promotion, the best way to do the job.
If you are an ingress, you have over your self to the enemy.
If you are an ingress, you don't know glory to shame.
Look at it, glory.
Somebody is well respected.
It drives the car.
Now, it's striking.
The glory have been turned to shame.
Your glory will never be taught to show me that I am not Jesus.
While I am great, you provoke the anger of God upon you.
You provoke the anger, you invite the anger of God upon you.
Let us stand up.
We are going to pray.
If there is any way we have been on great foot of God, that has opened up a problem, we are going to ask God for me.
Let him have a chest.
Talk to your father.
Father, I am sorry.
Anyway, I have been on grateful.
I have shown signs of ingress to you.
I'm sorry.
Anyway, I have shown signs of ungratfulness.
Dr. God.
Dr. God, I'm sorry.
All you've done